RHEV-Tools README
----------------
RHEV-Tools are a large collection of useful scripts utilizing the RHEV API.
They are intended to simplify administrative tasks from command line, as well 
as serve as an example of the RHEV API usage.

Scripts
-------
general/import_vms.py
read a text file and import all listed VMs from a NFS Export Domain into RHEV 3.1
import-list-example.csv can be used as an example file

general/move_vm.py
modify the cluster property of a list of VMs so they are "moved" to a different 
RHEV Cluster.
List of VMs can be read from a text file, or all VMs of a specified Cluster can 
be moved.

general/vm.py
Tool to do basic VM management. Start/stop/migrate/etc.
VM properties are read from a configuration file or defined on the command line.

general/update_preferred_host.py
parse a configuration file and set the preferred host of a given VM accordingly

general/list_all_vms.py
print a list of all DCs, Clusters and VMs
This script was initially only written to familiarize myself with the API, but 
it eventually might be useful for someone else

About configuration files:
--------------------------
Configuration files are stored in /etc/rhev-tools. They are optional, if all 
necessary options are provided on the command line. 

The default.conf is always read if it exists, but has the lowest priority.
If an option is also specified on the command line or a VM specific config-
uration, the setting in this file is ignored. 

If a configuration file /etc/rhev-tools/<vm-name>.conf exists, it is also 
parsed. Settings specified here, overwrite conflicting settings in default.conf,
but still have a lower priority then everything provided on the command line.

Consequently, options provided on the command line always override settings
provided in one of the configuration files mentioned above.

For VM specific tasks (like create, stop, details) the VM name is mandatory and
will not be taken from default.conf.

If the above does not work for a specific option, it most likely a bug.

BUGS
----
There are plenty of them since this code was never really tested. Please use github
to report them, or drop cbolz at redhat dot com an email.
